I want to dive deeper by quitting this process and creating a new component so I'll create and you come
in with NGC and I'll name it to user a user component.
So I'll hit enter to LeDuff trade and use subfolder here in the app folder user folder and then we get
.
SH Tim Althea's and is Specht filed as testing file in user composed HTML file and want to change this
a one a treat any day of the year where I have a H-1 tag whereas say user logged in and add a paragraph
or is a user is and then some data which we're going to fetch from a service.
Actually So here I want to output the user name I will have to create this property.
Now I'm copying this to basically later on check with NGF which div to display here I will say user
are not locked in.
Well let's make this a lowercase L here and lowercase I as a user are not logged in.
And then here of course we don't display the user instead we have Please log in first.
So this is my template code here in the typescript file I want to alter the justice you don't want to
have a user which has a name field which is of type string like this so that I know this is how a user
object looks like.
I also want to have it is locked in variable or property here which is fault's by default.
And with that I can go back to the component here and basically say display the first one with Engy
if it is locked in is true.
And the second one of course whoops here Engy if displayed if it is not true.
So if not locked in.
That is my user component.
Now of course this should be added to the module it is done so automatically by DC.
But check that you have to import any addition to declarations here and then we can go to our app compute
the HMO file and included here.
But I won't even do this because I won't watch this app in the browser.
Instead I will only test it.
So I will leave this year.
Close all these files and now we want to write some tests for this new created user component here.
Actually we already have a spec file but this is very very simple.
It includes the task that an async task though it doesn't use it and then it only describes that.
It should create an instance and you we try to create a new user instance like this.
Well let's remove this test here.
It's not really that helpful.
Let's write our own tests instead using the two testing environment and not creating some well known
Englad two tests.
So here I first want to declare a module again.
So I will set up the bill for each method here which takes a callback your six function in this case
here where I simply say test bed and test bed is really just his main testing object giving us access
to all this.
Configure my Englad to application for testing utilities.
And here I want to call configure.
Testing module This expects to get a javascript object where I add my declarations like and while in
the engine module which is an array.
And here I will set up to user component because that's the component I want to test.
Make sure you also have that import up here.
Now important if you were not using DCL or any other web based setup you don't need to compile components
.
Thereafter you need to execute compile components to well compiled him only when using well-packed does
is not needed because web pick has a different workflow built process where we'll will do this anyways
because of the way imports were external HDMI all files are NCSA as false.
It will do as well as bundling or producing your app in a system set up for example it won't do this
automatically you will have to do that since the angular 2 compiler which would do this in the browser
won't run here.
So if that we have our compiled components or our set up here and next I want actuary to test so we
write it and then give it some description of your choice.
It's just something for you to read to understand these tests if you see them and the log.
So here we want to check that the app last created.
So it should treat the app that does what we're checking and there we then have a second function which
is the ESX function here with the arrow and there I want to create my fixture again where I use the
test bed and then create component and create a user component like that.
Now we created this component in the testing environment so it is like if it were added with a selector
in some HTL template and we browsed student page then Englad you would create it in the background.
Now here we're creating it.
Now here we are creating it and we have this fixture.
I can now get my app from this fixture and there we typically do this by accessing the debug element
which is the element exposed to asked for testing purposes where I can access my component instance
.
So this is my application just running component instance and I can then say well I expect this app
to be truthy.
We saw that before.
Does it just checks well.
Does it kind of exist.
Well if I safeties and I now run and you test let's see if this works.
It'll take a couple of seconds to start up and then we see four successful tests down there.
So this worked.
It's a very simple test though.
We only checked if the test or if the applications actually starting up